Add Concept Exercise for type checking. (#2704)
exercism/javascript: concepts/type-checking/about.md

# About

> Knowning what type an object has is often very important for code to run smoothly and without errors.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Knowning what the type of a piece of data is, is often very important for code to run smoothly and without errors.
```

> Javascript has several ways to check the type of an object.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Javascript has several ways to check the type of a value or object.
```

```exercism/note

> Javascript's type checking mechanisms are always soomewhat unreliable.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Javascript's type checking mechanisms can be somewhat unreliable.
```

> For true safety with types, you should probably use TypeScript, a language that builds on JavaScript, but with the type syntax of a static-typed language.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For true safety with types, you should probably use TypeScript, a language that builds on JavaScript, but with the type syntax of a static-typed language.
```
```suggestion
For better type safety and stronger types, you should probably use TypeScript, a language that builds on JavaScript, but with the type syntax of a static-typed language.
```

TypeScript (and Flow) actually don't give *true* safety, but it's "good enough".

```

## The `typeof` operator

> The `typeof` operator returns the type of its input.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `typeof` operator returns the type of its operand.
```

Functions and programs have `inputs`, operators have `operands` 👯

> The output is restricted to one of the [primitive data types][primitives], `"function"` or `"object"`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The output is a string matching the name of one of the [primitive data types][primitives], except for `"null"`. 
It can also be `"function"` or `"object"`.
```

```javascript
typeof undefined;
// => "undefined"

typeof true;
// => "boolean"

typeof 42;
// => "number"

typeof 'Hello, World!';
// => "string"

typeof function () {
  return 'Hello, World';
};
// => "function"

typeof [1, 2, 3, 4];
// => "object"

typeof { city: 'Stockholm', country: 'Sweden' };
// => "object"
```

> The one exception to this is that `typeof null` returns `"object"` for [historical reasons][typeof null is object].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
For [historical reasons][`typeof null` is `"object"`].
```

Not actually an exception, I suppose!

## The `instanceof` operator

For checking the type of an object, you can use the `instanceof` operator.

> It returns a boolean depending on whether the second operand is included in the first operands' [prototype chain][prototype chain].

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It evaluates into a `boolean` depending on whether the second operand is included in the first operands' [prototype chain][prototype chain].
```

To clarify, `instanceof` will return whether the first operand is an instance of second operand or one of its child classes.

> `instanceof` only works for compound data types, such as arrays and objects.

Reviewer: What are compound data types? What are they not? I don't know, but if you tell me I can probably rewrite this sentence ot be clearer.

```javascript
class Beverage {
  // ...
}

> // The Coffee class is a child of the Beverage class.
> class Coffee extends Beverage {
>   // ...
> }

Reviewer: ```suggestion

// The Coffee class is a child of the Beverage class.
class Coffee extends Beverage {
  // ...
}

```

const java = new Coffee();

java instanceof Coffee;
// => true

java instanceof Beverage;
// => true
```

```exercism/advanced
The `Array` class has a method called `Array.isArray()` that checks if its argument is an array.

> While `instanceof Array` will not work with an array created in a different `iframe` in a webpage, `Array.isArray()` will.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
While `instanceof Array` will not work with an array created in a different realm such as an `iframe` in a webpage, `Array.isArray()` will.
```

> This is because the Array class has a different constructor in each `iframe`, meaning that the function in the prototype chain will be different, causing `instanceof Array` to fail.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This is because the Array class has a different constructor in each realm, and each `iframe` has its own ream, meaning that the function in the prototype chain will be different, causing `instanceof Array` to fail.
```

> `Array.isArray()` is capable of ignoring this, and should always be used when possible.

Reviewer: ````suggestion
`Array.isArray()` is capable of ignoring this, and should always be used when possible.

It can also survive false positives where an object isn't actually an `Array`, and merely has `Array` in its prototype chain.

```javascript
({ __proto__: Array.prototype }) instanceof Array
// => true

Array.isArray({ __proto__: Array.prototype })
// => false
```
````

```

## The `in` operator

The `in` operator returns whether the first operand is a property of the second operand.

> It does not check that the property is defined, a property set to `undefined` will still be detected by `in`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
It does not check that the property has a defined value.
A property set to `undefined` will still be detected by `in`.
```

```javascript
class Coffee {
  constructor() {
    this.temperature = 'hot';
    this.isDarkMatter = undefined;
  }
  coolDown() {
    this.temperature = 'warm';
  }
}

> const espresso = new Coffee();

Reviewer: ```suggestion

const espresso = new Coffee();
```

'temperature' in espresso;
// => true

'color' in espresso;
// => false

'isDarkMatter' in espresso;
// => true
```

> ````exercism/note
> `in` can be slightly unreliable, as it will return `true` for inherited properties and methods.
> ```javascript
> "coolDown" in espresso
> // => true
> 
> "constructor" in espresso
> // => true
> ```
> To avoid this, use the hasOwnProperty() method.
> ````

Reviewer: `````suggestion
````exercism/note
`in` will return `true` for inherited properties and methods.

```javascript
"coolDown" in espresso
// => true

"constructor" in espresso
// => true
```

To avoid this, use `Object.hasOwn()` instead
````
`````

## The `Object.hasOwn()` function

> The `Object.hasOwn()` method returns whether the specified object has _its own property_ (not inherited or a method) that matches a string.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `Object.hasOwn()` method returns whether the specified object _owns the given property_ (it is not inherited or a method).
```

```javascript
class Coffee {
  constructor() {
    this.temperature = 'hot';
  }
  coolDown() {
    this.temperature = 'warm';
  }
}

> const cappuccino = new Coffee();

Reviewer: ```suggestion

const cappuccino = new Coffee();
```
